Update docs for CMake (#48)
PcapPlusPlus/pcapplusplus.github.io: docs/install/macos.mdx

In order to compile PcapPlusPlus on MacOS please make sure you have the following components installed:

1. [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) which contains all prerequisites required for PcapPlusPlus including gcc/g++ compiler and libpcap with all relevant header files
2. Make sure you have Xcode Command Line Tools. You can install it by running the following command in Terminal:

   ```shell

>    xcode-select --install

Reviewer: I think we can leave this. Xcode will also provide clang compiler also.

Reviewer: Note 100% sure

Author: Yeah I'm also not sure, let's leave it as it is

> 2. PcapPlusPlus is available for both **Intel** and **Apple Silicon** processors. To build for a specific architecture you can use the `-DCMAKE_OSX_ARCHITECTURES` option, see more details below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. PcapPlusPlus is available for both **Intel** and **Apple Silicon** processors. To cross-compile for a different architecture you can use the `-DCMAKE_OSX_ARCHITECTURES` option, see more details below
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/PcapPlusPlus/pcapplusplus.github.io/pull/48/commits/cbb93cd88cf00bd702a3ec936eceba90f8bfc47f
